# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-pinecone
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.1.0
    # via aiohttp
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via flask
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
fastembed==0.6.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.17.0
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.16
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.83.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.30.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   pinecone
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.1
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   pinecone
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio-tools==1.71.0
    # via qdrant-client
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.20
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.19
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-pinecone
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.0.11
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langchain-google-vertexai==2.0.15
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.3.8
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langchain-pinecone==0.2.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langchain-qdrant==0.2.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
langgraph==0.3.5
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.18
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.2
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.55
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.13
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.3
    # via fastembed
lz4==4.4.3
    # via pinecone
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mmh3==5.1.0
    # via fastembed
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-pinecone
    #   onnxruntime
    #   qdrant-client
    #   shapely
onnxruntime==1.21.0
    # via fastembed
openai==1.65.5
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
pillow==11.1.0
    # via fastembed
pinecone==6.0.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pinecone-client==5.0.1
    # via langchain-pinecone
pinecone-plugin-inference==1.1.0
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.3.0
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pinecone
    #   proto-plus
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via pinecone
py-rust-stemmers==0.1.5
    # via fastembed
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pinecone
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
qdrant-client==1.13.3
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-qdrant
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
setuptools==76.0.0
    # via grpcio-tools
shapely==2.0.7
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.3
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via fastembed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
